fix(curriculum): external wiki API links in CIP (#46260)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/take-home-projects/build-a-wikipedia-viewer.md

**Objective:** Build an app that is functionally similar to this: <https://codepen.io/freeCodeCamp/full/wGqEga/>.

> The MediaWiki software powers Wikipedia, and it helps you collect and organize knowledge, then make it available to people.
> 
> Using MediaWiki API replicate the search Wikipedia function, and random Wikipedia entry function in the app above.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MediaWiki software powers Wikipedia, and it helps you collect and organize knowledge and make it available to people.

Using the MediaWiki API, replicate the search function and random article function, similar to the example app above. You can use Wikipedia as your data source.

```
Copy edits.
